Release Notes and misc improvements and corrections (#2385)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/migration-from-5x.adoc

Also, setting the CSS `height` of the element replaced by {productname} to a value larger than `400px` will increase the editor height. Setting the element's CSS `height` to a value less than `400px` will *not* reduce the height of the editor, however.

> NOTE: to prevent the editor UI from disappearing during manual, end-user re-sizing, `min_height` now has a default value: `100px`. .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To prevent the editor UI from disappearing during manual, end-user re-sizing, `min_height` now has a default value: `100px`.
```

> This default can be overridden as part of an initialization configuration. And setting `min_height` to `> 400` will increase the height of the intitial {productname} viewport. .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This default can be overridden as part of an initialization configuration. Setting `min_height` to `> 400` will increase the height of the initial {productname} editor.
```
Numerous typos here by the looks. Viewport is also probably the wrong term here as that normally means the window size.
